Peace be upon you. I am Musleh Saeed, Sheikh Khalil,
displaced from Sheikh Dhawan to Deir Al-Balah. I have a daughter who
was
sick due to nerve problems and something else. Also, once the
girl came before the war, she was 60% in
good health. I mean, she was friendly to Egypt and her family was being
treated internally. I mean, her affairs were good,
and I was taking her home.  Physiotherapy session 15
months before the war. When we came to the tents,
the chubs, mosquitoes, and bears were infesting them. I
mean, we brought them here. They said, “There are medicines, and there are none.” I mean,
Sue died because of the lack of medicines, and she died because of
malnutrition. She died because we were in tents, in
tents, living for nine months
in  It is present and it is not present, but what is present
means expensive. For example, we put nuts
on the zucchini, on the food, on the thing. We
mix it too. You want electricity. You want a blender. You want
it. I mean things are difficult and expensive, and I mean
wounded, and this means the situation. You don’t know about
everyone either, not just about me.  The situation is very difficult, as
I am injured and working, which means the girl is
approximately 4 and a half years old